---
layout: post
title: Dec 2020 update
image:
    feature: 2017-09_to_2020-12_CEA.png
---
# Things are not looking so good for me right now.

[CEA chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTCzaopg_LDOTyexqTmWbNBCQJAbft_rSmZpwKTJFY_EW8B0dNUVgfk8271lsgxKj8R7aOMwPzy8Ijq/pubchart?oid=827165324&format=image)


For the past 18 months, we have been riding my second go around with cytotoxic
chemotherapy[1]. This is the traditional "chemo" everyone knows about that broadly
damages cell DNA, with the dividing cells being hit the hardest. Luckily, my
cancer has turned out to be pretty sensitive to this stuff, though my hair, gut,
and bone marrow is as well. I have been dealing with the typical "chemo" side
effects compromised immunity, hair loss, nausea, and loss of appetite.

At 18 months, I've gotten a run out of this line of chemo that has exceeded my
expectations, and I have been lucky to have been able to avoid COVID-19 during
this whole time, *knock on wood*. However, as the CEA chart shows, my
disease has been progressing through the chemo for the last year+. 

In March, some nausea and disturbed balance I had been experiencing was
explained when a follow up brain MRI revealed six small brain metastasis, along
with a suspicious area suggestive of leptomeningeal disease. Traditional
chemotherapy does not get into the brain well. We have treated the new brain
metastasis with targeted radiation.

The toxicity to my body has been cumulative building as well. Every cycle seems
harder than the last.

This current treatment protocol has been slowing the disease down, but is not
stopping or reversing disease progression.

The remaining treatment options do not look very promising.

[1] For those wondering, carbopatin, Taxol, Avastin, Tagrisso.
Now I am maintenance therapy with just paclitaxel and Tagrisso.
