---
layout: page
title: My cancer treatment journey
comments: true
---

This is the record of all of my medical treatments. Having learned a lot from
the experiences of other patients, I am sharing this in the hopes that
someone facing similar illness finds it useful.

*This represents only my experience, not medical advice. Cancer is a disease
unique to each individual. Therapies that have worked for me may not work in
other situations, and vice versa.*


**November 2014**

 First symptoms. Lower back pain. Atypical low energy.
 
**March 2015**

Diagnostic workup of chest mass reveals 7 brain tumors. Diagnosed with stage 4
metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung. Metastasis to both lungs, much of the
spine (C4, T5, L1, L3,L5), multiple metastasis in the pelvis, sternum.

**April 01, 2015**

Craniotomy #1. 4cm tumor resected from right frontal lobe.

**April 10, 2015**

Palliative radiation to the spine T11-L4.

**April 16, 2015**

Craniotomy #2. 3.5cm tumor resected from the right parietal lobe. Learn about
positive testing for EGFR exon 19 deletion.

**April 23, 2015**

Start Tarceva (erlotinib).

**May 2015**

Start zoledronic acid. First scans following treatment shows “dramatic response
to treatment”.

**December 2015**

Disease progression - multiple small nodules throughout both lungs. New
treatment plan at MGH to resect nodules and create a cell line.

**December 23, 2015**

Video Assisted Thoracic Surgery (VATS) wedge resection in right lung. Continue Tarceva.


**December 31, 2015**

Guardant360 cell free DNA test shows exon 19 deletion, T790M an important
mutation for getting the next EGFR TKI (osimertinib).

**January 2016**

Mass General tissue sequencing is negative for T790M mutation in disagreement
with cfDNA results. Immunohistochemistry staining reveals up to 60% PD-L1
staining.

**February 2016**

Switch from zoledronic acid to denosumab.
    
**March 2016**

Start Opdivo (nivolumab). Continue Tarceva (erlotinib).

**May 2016**

In first scan on Opdivo, disease in lungs look much worse. Cough is much worse.
Stop Opdivo, Tarceva. Start Tagrisso (osimertinib), no break between doses.

**May 25, 2016**

Guardant cfDNA shows all mutant DNA is undetectable.

**July 2016**

Scans show resolution of many nodules. Continuing bone pain. I push for local
therapy of residual disease based on RCT from Gomez et al.

**October 2016**

Stereotactic radiation of residual tumor in left lung. 36Gy in 6 fractions.

**November 2016**

Stereotactic radiation of T5 and L5.


**December 2016**

Added Avastin. Continue Tagrisso.


**January 07, 2016**

Propose to Amy and she accepts. Wedding date 05/06/2017.


**February 2017**

Guardant cfDNA EGFR del19 spikes from 0.3% to 8.5%. Reveals a C797S resistance
mutation. PET scan shows metabolic disease in pelvis and L3. Stop Avastin.
Continue Tagrisso.


**May 6, 2017**

Wedding day :)


**May 2017**

Stereotactic radiation to L3 and pelvic tumor Guardant cfDNA EGFR del19 drops
from 8.5% to 0.06%. C797S,T790M is undetectable.

**August 2017**

Disease progression -- many new small nodules in both lungs.

    
**Sept 2017**

Add Tarceva. Continue Tagrisso.


**January 2018**

Tagrisso, Tarceva combination results in slow progression. Lung tissue biopsy
reveals del19, T790M, C797S mutations.


**February 2018**

Clinical trial - necitumumab, Tagrisso (osimertinib). Terrible skin toxicity.


**May 2018**

Continuous disease progression on trial therapy. Exit clinical trial. Continue
Tagrisso


**June 2018**

Travel to NIH in Bethesda, MD for clinical trial options. Am offered Dr
Rosenberg’s famous TIL trial. Undergo second VATS to harvest tumor with TILs,
and leukapheresis to harvest while blood cells. TILs will take many months to
grow out so I will need to go on other therapy in the meantime.


**July 2018**

Start cisplatin, (Alimta) pemetrexed, Tagrisso. I become neutropenic (0.54 K/ml) after
first infusion.

    
**August 2018**

Have a second infusion with cisplatin(dose reduced), Alimta, Avastin. Scan shows
90% response. Stop the cisplatin at this point as I have achieved a great
response already and the platinum drug toxicity. Later platinum sensitivity
might be useful due to RB1,TP53 and susceptibility to small cell transformation.
Continue Alimta, Avastin, Tagrisso.


**October 2018**

NIH was not able to find tumor specific TILs from my white cells. I am out of
the NIH TIL trial.

    
**November 2018**

Stop Avastin due to frequent nose bleeds. Disease progression, but still low
disease burden. Continue Alimta, Tagrisso.


**December 2018**

Hospitalized with pneumonia.


**February 2019**

Stop Alimta.


**March 2019**

Accepted into clinical trial for JNJ-372 after a long process to confirm C797S
via tissue biopsy. Infusion related allergic reaction on 1st infusion, expected
by the trial.

    
**April 2019**

Severe skin reactions to trial drug. Worsening cough leads to earlier scan. Scan
shows 20% disease progression. Stop trial due to toxicity and disease
progression.


**May 2019**

CEA is stable during this month with only Tagrisso. Treatment effect of
lingering antibodies from the trial?

    
**June 2019**

Start 2nd line chemotherapy Carboplatin (80% dose), Taxol, Avastin, Tagrisso.

    
**July 2019**

Another great response to chemotherapy. Approx 85% reduction in disease


**August 2019**

Stop carboplatin after 3 cycles, due to low grade neuropathy. Continue Taxol,
Avastin, Tagrisso


**September 2019**

Drop Avastin due to nose bleeds. Continue Taxol, Tagrisso.

    
**September 19, 2019**

Our daughter, Mia, is born.

    
**November 2019**

Disease starts to progress again, but low disease burden. CEA nadir at 14.6.
Continue Taxol, Tagrisso.

    
**March 2020**

Follow up MRI reveals six brain metastasis, leptomeningeal disease. Start 160mg
Tagrisso. Restart Avastin. Continue Taxol. I am a five year survivor. Global
COVID-19 pandemic sweeps the US. As I receive immunosuppressive
chemotherapy, it's a coin flip if I could survive a COVID-19 infection. I enter
lockdown at home.
    
**April 2020**

Stereotactic radiation to largest brain metastasis Continue Taxol, Avastin,
Tagrisso.


**August 2020**


Stereotactic radiation to remaining five brain metastasis. Continue Taxol,
Avastin, Tagrisso.


**December 2020**

CEA has slowly risen to 74. Have now had 24 cycles of Taxol, Avastin, Tagrisso.
Symptoms from disease, and cumulative toxicity from chemotherapy are getting
significant.
